dumping DB + bug fix (#695)
PecanProject/bety: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixes

> - #696 : actually now uses environment variable SECRET_KEY_BASE. If this was set, unset otherwise you can not login to BETY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#696 : breaking change: Now actually uses environment variable SECRET_KEY_BASE, which was silently ignored before. If this was set on your system, unset it or you will not be able to log in to BETY.
```

Maybe too long now? But I think the current wording would make it easy for me to miss that this requires user action if I were reading the changelog without having seen the PR description.

Author: My goal is to put this in **BOLD** in the release notes.
